Mention playwright robottest browser setup for local testing (#1772)
plone/documentation: docs/contributing/core/index.md

If you run acceptance tests with the `--all` option, it will run tests in a real browser.
This takes 30-40 minutes to run.
This may repeatedly launch and close browser windows that gain focus, disrupting you from doing any other work.

> If this happens, you can use `headlesschrome` as testbrowser by setting an environment variable `export ROBOT_BROWSER="headlesschrome"` and again run `bin/test --all`.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
If this happens, you can use `headlesschrome` as the test browser.
First set an environment variable.

```shell
export ROBOT_BROWSER="headlesschrome"
```

Then run all tests again.

```shell
bin/test --all
```
````

> Since we use [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/) for our robottests you have to install it first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plone uses [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/) to run robot tests.
```

> `plone.app.robotframework` provides a script for that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`plone.app.robotframework` provides a script to install Playwrite browsers.
```

Author: small typo: it should be `Playwright`

Reviewer: Thanks, will fix.

Reviewer: Fixed in https://github.com/plone/documentation/pull/1776/commits/3ac55229e9264b198eda284d8341028df8e89f01 in https://github.com/plone/documentation/pull/1776

```shell

> # Install playwright browsers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

./bin/rfbrowser init
```

> After the browser resources are downloaded and initalized you can run the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the script downloads and initalizes browser resources, you can run the acceptance tests.
```

```shell

> # Run acceptance tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
